---
layout: post
title:  "WW2"
date:   2020-05-07
categories: socialStudies
permalink: /:categories/:title
author: Henri Klein

---

---

## The Navajo Code

> ### #1 Why was Navajo chosen as a Code Language
>
> Navajo is an infrequently spoken language. It is hard to learn and, therefore, difficult to understand. Combined with brilliant encryption, the enemy never got the chance to crack it.

> ### #2 The type to training Code Talkers had to undergo
>
> Code Talkers' duty was to transmit information about the enemy's actions. They were soldiers stationed at the front, always in contact with the enemy. Therefore they had to be prepared for the unpreparable. While in Bootcamp, they learned how to en/- and decrñypt Code in Navajo using the newly designed syntax. They had to learn a lot of vocabulary since words got a completely new meaning.

> ### #3 Basic Duties in Field
>
> Their primary mission was to determinate and transmit Enemies actions. They had other Soldiers protect them since they were significant to the Allies, and Enemy capturing and touching them would have been a disaster for protocols security. "They were the first to arrive at the beach [...] and the last to leave". Their Job decided about Soldiers' faith.

> ### #4 Which combat areas saw the use of the Code Talkers?
>
> The Code Talkers were used by the Navi to lead the US Marines in the pacific. They informed about troop movement, power of men and patrols.

> ### #5 Use of ancient language with modern terminology
>
> The encryption consists out of two parts: They first had to translate a Navajo word into English. That already was difficult since they declared new meanings to origin words and understanding or writing that language is basically impossible. Then, they used just the first letter of the original given word, to generate a transmission. You would need 5 Navajo Words to say, "Hello."

> ### #6 Why they weren't recognized
>
> After the immense success of the Navajo code, the US Government decided to remain using it for future missions. Therefore it is common to senesce that they couldn't honour to recognize Code Talkers' work; otherwise enemy's would be able to decrypt the code quite easily. Once you know what language they are using to communicate, it is not that difficult to understand its modified syntax. Still, it took 32 more years, after Congress decided to declassify the project in 1968, to honour those who served their country so bravely. Most of them already passed away when in 2001, their service got finally recognized.

---

Henri Klein | Ms. Hoskin | Social Studies