---
layout: post
title:  "Poetry"
date:   2020-03-08
categories: english
permalink: /:categories/:title
author: Henri Klein



---

Poetry

notes I took about poetic stuff

[TOC]



----

## conclusions

> ### Breakout
>
> American poet Edna St. Vincent Millay's poem describes the speakers desire of breaking free out of his normal life into adventures using a train. In the second stanza Edna's speaker explains about his dreams of trains and their steaming engine. 
>
> In Connection to the Contemporary, where it hasn’t been something compatible to this new kind of technology, everybody wanted to be part of this experience, even if scientists warned about the danger of the high speed of these trains. 



## metaphors

> ### My Mom
>
> My Mom is like a restaurant for me. She gets me food if I need some. She is like a four star Hotel, where I can stay and live as long as I want for free. She is like a modern, very comfortable Taxi. She drives me everywhere. I want a personal Assistant. She knows everything and is always right. She is like Wikipedia or any other encyclopedia in the hole world. She knows where I am all the time. She is like the NAS and CIA together. However, she is not just like the NSA and CIA; she is also like Homeland. She wants to protect our family and me all the time and solves any problem for my sister and me. With her assertiveness like a pistol, she makes everybody think she’s right and can let them do everything she wants. She loves to Sing. At home, she is like a radio what is playing all the time. She is an early bird. She wakes up very early and helps me with everything I need. If it comes to helping me with my homework, she has the same ambitions as an athlete running a Marathon. She is a perfect mom. So that’s the reason why I love her three times to the moon and back. However, she is like Glass; if you break her, you may get hurt by her shards.

## I am Human

> This story is outsourced:  [I am Human.md](I am Human.md) 
>

## Dinner Asseey

> This story talkes about my favourite pioneers of our modern time
>
> This story is outsourced:  [Dinner Essey.md](Dinner Essey.md) 

## My Biopoem

> ### Henris Biopoem
>
> This 20- lines poem talkes about my life so far; 
>
> This source is outsourced:  [Biopoem.md](Biopoem.md) 



## Story Planning

> ### Main Caracter
>
> James is 38 years old and in the physical conditions. Seven years ago he took over his father’s company, Woodcutter, Inc. His father knew that he doesn’t really like this job, but it was the only possibility had. Working in his one-person company, the Woodcutter feels alone. He is not interested in making new friendships or in holding eisting ones. After his wife died because of a drunk car-driver two years ago, he was making a plan to revenge this accident by taking the drivers life.  
>
> This story is outsourced [Aavege Story.md](Aavege Story.md) 

---

Henri Klein | Ms. Hoskin | Block C

