---
layout: post
title:  "Avenge"
date:   2020-03-08
categories: english
permalink: /:categories/:title
author: Henri Klein




---

Avenge

## Poetry Assigment

# #1

​	It is a Friday afternoon. Tim is standing next to his father James in the kitchen, preparing dinner for Thanksgiving this evening. His kids are playing outside in the garden with Nerves James gives them. It took a long time since Tim accepted having a family dinner with James. Their relationship is not good at all. Tim never wanted to talk to his birth father again since it happened. Since his mother died, since James started drinking. After James’ wife died in a car accident because of a drunk driver, James got depressed and moved back. He didn’t want to do anything, anymore. He didn’t go to work, and he didn’t cultivate social contacts. Not even to his son. James didn’t realize that also his son lost somebody essential in his life, his mother. After Tim’s mother died in a car accident, and his father James got locked up for avenging her death, Tim had nothing. He got released for adoption, but at the age of 10, he didn’t have high chances to get adopted. 

--

​	It was on the 8th of September, 1991. Tim was invited to his best friend’s Birthday party. He was already eight years old, but now his friend is also eight and allowed to go climbing at Ninja Park. It is 5:38. All the other kids have already been picked up by their parents. Tim and his friend are playing with the brand new Playmobile Base. After one hour, Tim started getting nervous. “My mother should have already picked me up a long time ago.” Like his mother, he doesn’t have a phone. He knew that his father is at work far away, so nobody was home. He is a very independent boy. Tim decided to take the bus instead of waiting longer for his mother. Usually, the bus takes 36 minutes back home. But because of a crash on the local Highway, it’s taking a lot longer.



Bored from the long drive, he took out his Sony WM-EX77, a Walkman that can play every cassette he wants! He is incredibly proud of this present. His father gave it to him for his excellent Grades last year. Coming home very exhausted, he expected his favourite food, Spaghetti Bolognese with Parmesan. He thought his mother just forgot to pick him up. It wouldn’t be the first time that something like this had happened. But unfortunately, it didn’t smell like something gets prepared for supper. He also noticed no light. “Anybody at home”? He screamed, scared. Unsettled, what is going on, he called his father, but he didn’t answer. James is working at a Glass Factory. He keeps saying that he often does not have service at work, so Tim wasn’t worried. Maybe his mother had an appointment at the doctor, or maybe she was meeting with some friends. It Had been a long time since he was home alone. He remembered that his mother had just bought some fresh cookies. Exhausted from today’s experiences, he took some and let himself fall on the big couch in the living room. It was 8 o’clock, and his favourite show will be starting in 15 minutes. Bored from the news, he went back to the kitchen while the woman from the news he already knew talked about a terrible collision on the Arroyo Seco Harbor in Las Angeles. Tim started listening to attentively. That was the reason for the traffic jam he got stuck in. A policeman was talking about three dead bodies and two hard-edged. The phone started ringing. Tim expected his mother or his father voice, asking him to go to his bed because they are running late at work. 



“My Name is Sir Tomas Ritter, is this Mr. James Smith?” a policeman’s voice asked on the phone. 



“No, it’s me, Tim, his son. He is at work, I guess. Is everything okay?”



“It’s all right, son, where is your father working?” the policeman asked, calmed. 



After Tim answered a few more questions, Sir Tomas Ritter asked him to do not turn on the TV and to go to bed right away. Tim didn’t notice any tension. At this time, it was quite usual that elder Authorities beside there parents dictated kids. 



The early sun shines into Tims’s face. It’s a Wednesday morning at 8:32. Tim quickly realized that nobody woke him up today morning at 6:45 like usual. A typical under-the-week day at the Smith’s is hectic. Tim usually is finishing his homework while his father is grumbling about the outgoings his mother is taking or the football scores. But today, it is different. James decided to do not wake Tim up this morning. He chose to let him take a day off. Tim, who is still confused about today’s situation, grabs his bag and runs down the steps. “Oh my god, I’m so late,” he thinks. As Tim wanted to run out of the floor, he saw his father sitting against the door with a bottle of whisky. Now he started realizing that something must be wrong. 



“Where is mom? Why are you drinking? Why didn’t you wake me up this morning? Why did a policeman ask for you yesterday?” he asked his father. 



“Son, we have to talk.” was the only response he got back before his father falls asleep. You could see the Mersey is his fathers’ eyes. As already mentioned above, Tim is very independent and knows how to get things done in these situations. He waited until his father woke up again, and they talked. You could have seen how fast his facial expressions changed entirely, and he started screaming with tears in his eyes.

---

# #2



\2003. Tim has been seen last seen by his parole officer four months ago. He is a free man again. Not many people can get out of working in organized crime alive. He’s clean. He doesn’t take any more drugs and is not drinking. His new girlfriend, Alison, helped him to get in the right way. His life wasn’t easy. It’s a miracle that he’s not already dead, that he is not lying react-less on the street after another gang member shot him. (You already may have an idea what could have happened to his life.) As mentioned earlier, his mother died. His father got locked up for killing somebody and finally, he came into a children’s home. That’s the perfect start for a criminal career. 



“Do you have any idea what life is like living in a children’s home after your whole family has been split up?”, Tim asked his girlfriend after she started niggling about his eating behaviour. 



“No, I don’t. You never told me. How should I understand your feelings or what is bordering you if I’m not getting any pieces of information about your past?”.



“You really wanna hear what has happened to me. If I am going to tell you my story, there is no way back. You will hear many disturbing things that will make you see me different.”



She agreed. After they finished dinner, they sat down on the rooftop of the house they are living in with a view of the New Yorkers Skyline. As a result of his old life, he was not able to live in Las Angelas any more. After he quit at one of the biggest “fishes” of organized crime, he had to leave the city to stay alive. Tim started talking.



“It was the 8th of December 1991. She died in a multiple collision after a drunk ghost driver (drives on the wrong side) got my mother to crash her car into a tree near the street. My father, James, didn’t take care of anything anymore. But around nine months later, he started caring about one thing. He started caring about revenging his wife dead. His mission was all about executing self-justice to the drunk driver. In his opinion, the system failed at all. He wanted to lock Justin, he is the drunken driver, in his own house and burning it down. It was three o clock on a normal Wednesday when James placed a phone next to the house and spilled sprit around the whole house. He went back 200 meters to a forest nearby and setup telescope to see him dying. It took him around 20 minutes to finally press the button. You could have heard his screaming all around the city. The fire department and the rescue team came too late. James packed his things and thought nobody would have been noticing him. But he was wrong. Around 5 hours later, a SWAT team opened his door and pulled him down. I was standing right next to him while a policeman was telling him his rights. He said that my father doesn’t have to say anything, but everything he is saying could be used against him. Nobody noticed me or told me what’s going on. Finally, a young man in his twenties came to me and brought me into a children’s home. And that was the moment I came off the way.”



“And where is your father right now?” she asked. “I mean, I knew your relationship is not good, but I didn’t know its that bad.”

 

“He is still in prison. And probably he will be there 12 more years. I haven’t visited him for five years now, but he is still writing to me.”



“He still loves you. He was a jerk to you and what he did was not good at all. But everybody should get a second chance, right? - I am going to book a flight to Las Angelas right away, and tomorrow you are going to visit him.”



***



Alison got him to talk to his father again, and Tim had to promise her to give his father a second chance. James was so excited to heat that somebody is going to visit him. But when he saw his son, he started crying and apologizing. It has been three weeks now since James came out of prison and right now, he is living at Mr. Junior Smith with his wife and his beautiful children. Everybody is happy and is looking forward o have a good thanksgiving tonight. Tims children don’t know about their grandpas past. Tim and his wife Alison decided to tell them that he is working at the government in Wakanda what is the reason that they have never seen him before.



